DJ
Welcome back to Pokévision Live!
Time for more rankings.
We've reached number four
on our top ten.
'And it's Snow‐Capped Onix.'
Never seen Pokévision before.
That's amazing,
since everyone knows about it.
Pokévision refers
to promotional videos
'created by Trainers
themselves.'
Awesome! That sounds so cool.
I wish I knew what that meant.
[all groaning]
Next, we bring you
video number three
which is "Psyduck At Twilight."
'Pokévision is a way
for Trainers'
'to introduce their Pokémon.'
Psyduck's such a cutie pie!
Next, number two!
DJ
'"The Beauty Of Joy."'
MISTY
'It can also show the bond
between Trainer and Pokémon '
'like this video does!'
You see, Trainers upload
their videos
to an online viewing site,
and the Pokévision top ten
is based on the viewer rankings
they receive.
And now it's time for this
week's video number one!
'Aria and Fennekin's
"Life Of An Idol."'
I knew Aria would be number one.
[EXCITED]
After those two had a series of
top ten Pokévision appearances
'they made their debut
as a pop duo'
'and became Pokémon superstars.'
[AWE]
So cute!
[AGREE]
You know, Bonnie,
that is a cute Fennekin.
[sighs]
I think Ash gets it.
You know what, my Fennekin's
just as cute any day.
For sure, and you're at least
as cute as Aria is.
[AGREE]
Bonnie, that's so sweet!
[THANKFUL]
You know, I'm pretty sure
you can rent all the equipment
you need to make Pokévision
videos right here.
‐ Really?
‐ Perfect!
So, I'll make my debut
Pokévision video!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH "A Pok vision of Things to
Come!
NARRATOR
Now that our Heroes have
arrived at the Pokémon Center
en route to Cyllage City
Serena has decided to make
her debut Pokévision video.
I always knew I'd be making
a Pokévision video
if I ever got a Pokémon.
I want to make one with Dedenne.
But I think
you've forgotten Dedenne
isn't your Pokémon.
Alright, then I guess
I'll just have to make
a video to find a wife for you.
Huh!
Ash, will you help me with mine?
Thing is, I want to do some
special training
so I can be ready
for my battle with Grant.
‐ Really?
‐ Yeah!
ASH
If I don't have a move
to counter
Onix's Rock Tomb
there's no way I can win.
Special training would be
the logical choice.
Right!
You're really psyched.
Well, maybe the rest of you
can help me.
‐ Sure!
‐ Yeah!
STAFF MAN
After you've finished shooting
all the video footage you need
simply bring it back here,
and we'll do
all the necessary editing and
create a soundtrack as well.
That would be a big help!
BONNIE
I could even do a video, too!
Now, I think I can be the most
helpful behind the scenes.
No way! You'll be the most help
if we make you a big star!
But I don't want to be a star.
We also have quite an extensive
wardrobe department you can use.
‐ That'll be perfect.
‐ Yeah. I can't wait.
‐ We're all ready to roll.
‐ Then let's go!
[gulps]
[EXCITED]
Scene one, and action!
[shivering]
Uh, hello, there.
I'm Clemont, and this is..
[SALUTATIONS]
No, no, cut, cut!
Chespin,
you're too far out front.
[CONFUSED]
And, Clemont,
you need more energy!
'Your voice is getting softer
and softer!'
[groans]
I told you I'm not any good
at this sort of thing
so why can't we make
Serena's already?
Aah!
Hey, I've got an idea.
Talk for him, Bonnie.
‐ You mean speak his lines?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
You see, we'll be hearing your
voice instead of Clemont's.
Then, all Clemont has to do
is match his lips
to everything you say.
Aah! That might work.
Yeah, let's give it a try.
Alright, take two. Action!
BONNIE AS CLEMONT
'Hello, there,
my name is Clemont.'
'I'd like you to meet
my partners, Chespin..'
[SALUTATIONS]
'...and Bunnelby!'
[groans]
I cant stand this kind of video!
Don't worry, we'll edit
everything together later
and that'll make it perfect.
Now, it's time
for our video debut.
[EXCITED]
[TIRED]
[FOCUSED]
First, take a shot
of Fennekin and me
running through the field.
Okay!
It looks like that's my cue.
Because the future is now,
thanks to science.
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
I thought we would encounter
a situation
precisely like this one.
I call it the Pokéstar Shooter.
‐ Pokéstar Shooter?
‐ Boring.
My camera‐equipped
mobile tripod robot
can provide fixed shots,
mobile shots
or even crane shots as highest
quality as Pokéstar Studios
'the movie capital
of the world.'
'This device will make you shine
like stars.'
Device on!
Huh!
'Low angle.'
‐ 'High angle.'
‐ Huh?
‐ Zoom in.
‐ Huh!
You're witnessing
movie perfection.
I guess science really
is amazing
just like Ash says.
This could be
your first big hit in awhile.
Way to go, big brother.
[IMPRESSED]
CLEMONT
'Alright, now to get that shot
of Serena and Fennekin
running through the field.'
Ready.
[EXCITED]
Okay, action!
[both laughing]
Huh?
[screaming]
What happened?
It's out of control. Aah!
Get away as fast as you can!
[screaming]
If we're going to stand a chance
against Onix's Rock Tomb
we'll need a lot of speed.
'Pikachu can use Quick Attack,
and Froakie and Fletchling's'
Double Team will make
its attacks harder to hit.
We'll get your moves
in tip‐top shape
and stop that Rock Tomb.
Let's do it!
[EXCITED]
Great! Now let's get moving.
Come on!
[EXCITED]
[screaming]
Huh?
Looks like one of Clemont's
inventions at work.
Science is really amazing,
isn't it?
[AGREEMENT]
It's not amazing!
CLEMONT
My device is out of control!
‐ Ash, do something!
‐ Right, don't worry!
Pikachu, aim for the robot
and use Electro Ball!
[AGREE]
[ELECTRO BALL ATTACK]
[explosion]
[coughing]
Now look at me, I'm covered head
to toe with black soot.
But I thought you wanted me
to help you out!
[ANGRY]
[SHOCK]
[screaming]
[groaning]
You didn't have to do that.
[groans]
Uh, if you remember,
Fennekin likes to stay clean.
[ANGRY]
You know, this might be
the perfect time
to have a wardrobe change.
That's a great idea.
Here I am!
[PROUD]
[both gasps]
See how the Fennekin ears
and tail
give this outfit its charm?
So cute!
[AWE]
Hey, Ash, please help us
with the video.
But we've got
special training to do.
Sometimes taking a break
can go a long way
to help you to focus
your training.
[AGREE]
‐ You're right.
‐ Yay!
From now on, I'll be manning
the video camera.
And action!
Fennekin!
[PROUD]
The next scene will be
Serena and Fennekin
baking goodies together.
Ta‐da! Notice, we're wearing
matching aprons
and Pikachu even has
a cameo role.
[BASHFUL]
Are we ready to roll?
‐ All set!
‐ And action!
[Serena humming]
[CONTENT]
SERENA
Pikachu, powdered sugar, please.
[HAPPY]
[CONCERNED]
[SHOCK]
[WORRIED]
[ANGRY]
We're sorry, Fennekin.
[EXERTION]
[all gasps]
I guess I just can't win.
[SHEEPISH]
Right, and cut.
[CONTENT]
It looks like Fennekin's
not mad anymore.
Staying clean sure makes
Fennekin happy.
Fennekin's always busy grooming
because getting dirty
is so upsetting.
I think you're a bit
like that too, Serena.
Right, like Fennekin,
I love to keep clean.
I like to look my best
so good grooming
is always a must.
[AGREEMENT]
You two sure make quite a team.
And cut!
We've got everything we need.
So now, we'll just go
and get that nice man
to edit it all for us.
JAMES
So the Twerps have
Pokévision on the brain.
JESSIE
Hmph! Speaking as
a professional actress
the Twerps are making
a monumental movie mess.
Let's use that mess
to our advantage.
‐ Use it?
‐ Use what?
‐ Just follow my lead.
‐ We're sure to succeed.
Let's proceed.
[AGREEMENT]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Bunnelby.
[EXERTION]
CLEMONT/BONNIE
What?
The editing machine's broken?
‐ It can't be.
‐ I'm afraid it's true.
I had only left the room
for a minute
but when I came back in..
What am I going to do?
Do you really need to edit it
or can you leave it as it is?
If we use raw footage,
it'll be a disaster.
JESSIE
'Pokévision production, anyone?'
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Huh?
JAMES
'Inexpensive, yet reliable!'
MEOWTH
'Pokéstar quality on the cheap!'
We'll give your video style,
and we'll do it with a smile.
SERENA
'I don't remember that place.'
We're the Pokévision Rocketeers
the video experts
in Pokéstar Studios.
And we've decided to grace your
town with our genius!
Trainers who want their
Pokévision production
to be primo
get top‐tier treatment
at our super‐special studio.
CLEMONT
So you're a Pokévision
production company?
JESSIE/JAMES
Observant! Come in!
The proof of our prowess needs
to be seen to be believed.
You'll be so moved, you'll
need to rent a moving van.
Roll it!
Get ready to be bedazzled.
[MGM ROAR REACT]
Acting..
Acting!
[FOCUSED]
All the world's a stage.
'And no actress stages more
worldliness than I, Jessilana.'
Now, may I count on you?
Of course I'm assuming
that all of you can count.
SERENA
I've never seen anything
like this before.
Yeah, and I'm kind of glad.
Well, at least their video's
been edited
and they have a soundtrack.
Yeah, so should we ask them?
[CURIOUS]
Guess so.
Will you help us with our video?
JESSIE/JAMES
We thought you'd never ask.
We've already got the footage
so we just need it to be edited
and the sound added in.
‐ What?
‐ Huh?
Who do you posers think you are?
I'm an accomplished
makeup artist
as well as a great actresses.
So there.
I'm the great Pokévision
producer, Jamecetti.
And I'm the number one director,
Spielmeowth.
Do you really think
professionals like us
would use footage taken by
amateurs the likes of you?
There's no dispute.
We must reshoot.
‐ Now!
‐ Uh! Huh!
‐ We'll need these.
‐ Yes.
Okay, but what about us?
And what are you going to use
for costumes?
It would be great to be
able to watch you guys work.
All costumes and scenery
will be computer generated
so no worries.
And we need complete
concentration while we work
so there will be no peeking.
Now, chill and wait out here.
Something doesn't feel right.
‐ Agreed.
‐ Yeah.
Let's go take a look!
[all panting]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Huh?
‐ What?
‐ It's an empty room.
[SCARED]
Fennekin!
ASH/CLEMONT/SERENA
Huh!
[SCARED]
Look! That balloon!
Prepare for trouble,
your vision is good!
Too bad your heads
are made out of wood.
To protect the world
from devastation..
To unite all people
within our nation..
To denounce the evils of
truth and love..
To extend our reach
to the stars above..
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
Surrender now or prepare
for one cinematic fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[AGREEMENT]
[Team Rocket laughing]
Team Rocket, not you again.
Hmm, I wouldn't be surprised if
they broke the editing machine!
‐ Well, well, I wonder.
‐ Give Fennekin back!
‐ Dedenne too!
‐ And Pikachu!
Not on your life.
We're flying high!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Bye!
ASH
No way!
Fletchling, I choose you!
[APPEARING]
[READY]
ASH
Go after Team Rocket!
[AGREE]
[FOCUSED]
[EXERTION]
thud
To the Pikachu we've been
chasing for so long.
And let's not forget
we were able to catch
the other Twerp Pokémon
for little more than a song.
Team Rocket's strong!
[laughing]
So now, that that little project
is off the table
time to start work on our
next Pokévision production.
‐ Are you serious?
‐ Huh!
But we already wrapped
that project.
I'm an actress,
and an actress must act.
So, off we go
to make a brand new
Jessilana video show, now.
[all groaning]
Acting, it's the craft
of a lifetime.
To be or not to be the greatest
actress of them all.
Now that is the question.
Whether she's lost her mind
is the question.
The theory is out on that one.
[AGREEMENT]
[FOCUSED]
[SHOCK]
So, did you find Team Rocket?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Awesome!
Show us where they are.
[AGREEMENT]
[IRON TAIL ATTACK]
[EXERTION]
[TACKLE ATTACK]
thud
[EXERTION]
[READY]
[EXCITED]
[URGING]
[SHOCK]/[CURIOUS]
[NERVOUS]
[UPSET]
[SHOCK]/[SHOCK]
[URGING]
[ANNOYED]
SERENA
'Fennekin!'
[SHOCK]/[SHOCK]
[SHOCK]
‐ Fennekin!
‐ You're all okay!
'Why is it only
raining over there?'
It looks like the Twerps
are crashing our set.
JAMES
We've got Pokémon problems.
What? Can't you see I'm busy
making movie magic up here?
Take Pikachu and the rest of
your paltry Pokémon.
She is good at acting
like a fool.
[EXCITED]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Dedenne!
[URGING]
‐ Huh!
‐ I should've known.
'Fennekin hates to get dirty,
like me.'
‐ Serena?
‐ Fennekin!
Nope. No way!
'Inkay, use Psybeam
on the Twerpette!'
[PSYBEAM ATTACK]
[screaming]
[CONCERN]
SERENA
Who cares about dirty clothes?
Fennekin has always been
there to protect me.
Hmph!
Your cue, Pumpkaboo.
Shadow Ball!
[READY]
[SHADOW BALL ATTACK]
Now, Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT ATTACK]
[explosion]
[grunts]
I don't care
if I get dirty or not. Ugh!
This time it's my turn
to protect you!
[AMAZED]
[FOCUSED]
[EXERTION]
[gasps]
[FOCUSED]
[no audio]
Thank goodness you're okay.
[HAPPY]
Aww, your fur's a mess.
[AGREE]
[laughter]
Inkay, show the Twerps
we will not be shunned!
[PSYBEAM ATTACK]
Electro Ball, let's go!
[ELECTRO BALL ATTACK]
[explosion]
The job of this great actress
is showing
a clueless Twerpette the ropes.
Now, Pumpkaboo, use Frustration
on the two of them.
[FRUSTRATION ATTACK]
[FOCUSED]
[FLAMETHROWER ATTACK]
‐ Whoa! What's that?
‐ Flamethrower, wow!
[PAINED]
Huh? That's unbelievable.
You just learned Flamethrower!
Great job!
[PROUD]
Alright then,
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT ATTACK]
[screaming]
[explosion]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
[AGREE]
We did it! We did it!
[laughing]
[HAPPY]
You're all clean again,
Fennekin.
[CONTENT]
Serena, the Pokévision
video is done.
Hmm. I'm coming.
[EXCITED]
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Alright, now let me show you
your finished video.
Great! Thank you!
SERENA
Hi, my name is Serena
and this is my partner,
Fennekin.
We love making
sweet treats!
And we love
eating them, too.
We also love to dress up
and look our best.
If you see us around, please
stop and say hi, okay?
‐ You both looked so great!
‐ Thanks, Bonnie.
Pretty nice, I must say.
[AGREEMENT]
I guess pretty nice
is sort of a compliment.
Hey, Ash, what did you think?
Who? Me?
I thought it was awesome!
[EXCITED]/[EXCITED]
Really?
Fennekin, did you hear that?
[EXCITED]
Mmm.
NARRATOR
Thanks to Pokévision,
the bondbetween Serena and
Fennekin is there for all to see
as our Heroes journey
to Cyllage City continues.
BONNIE AS CLEMONT
'Hello there,
my name's Clemont.'
'I'd like you to meet my
partners, Chespin..'
[SALUTATIONS]
'...and Bunnelby!'
'I'm a handsome Gym Leader..'
'...from the Lumiose City Gym!'
'I can be shy'
'but I'm very strong
in my own gentle way!'
'I love to invent things.'
'And right now
I'm looking for a nice girl'
'who I can be
a good friend to‐‐'
[AGREE]
BONNIE
'Hey, out of the way!'
[ANNOYED]
[ANGRY]
Hey, there's no reason
for you two to have a fight!
Stop it right now!
[screaming]
[EXERTION]
[explosion]
BONNIE
'That's my big brother!'
[nervous laughter]
[SHEEPISH]
[Clemont groans]
[theme music]